The Zen of Python, by Tim Peters

Beautiful is better than ugly. Explicit is better than implicit. Simple is better than complex. Complex is better
than complicated. Flat is better than nested. Sparse is better than dense. Readability counts. Special cases aren’t
special enough to break the rules. Although practicality beats purity. Errors should never pass silently. Unless
explicitly silenced. In the face of ambiguity, refuse the temptation to guess. There should be one— and preferably
only one —obvious way to do it. Although that way may not be obvious at first unless you’re Dutch. Now is better
than never. Although never is often better than right now. If the implementation is hard to explain, it’s a bad
idea. If the implementation is easy to explain, it may be a good idea. Namespaces are one honking great idea —
let’s do more of those!

We will also conform our development practices to the following principles:

While there are many tools we could build to make our lives easier, we are going to confine ourselves to building
what is necessary to make our application work, remembering that in many cases YAGNI (You Ain’t Gonna Need It).
That being said, when we come across a pattern of code that we are repeating across the application we will be
refactoring our code to keep it DRY.

Our trigger to cross over from YAGNI to DRY will be the three strikes and you refactor principle. Using a pattern
in three places will qualify it for extraction. Two uses will still fall under YAGNI. (In large projects many
suggest a modified version of this rule – when you need to reuse it, refactor it.)


Must Hsve Features:

1. Login Window so that random people don't see our photos
2. Logged in user will see a rotating gallery of random photos on the home page
2. Can see all photos stored in a directory
3. Photos will be displayed in tabular format
3. Photos can be clicked on to dispay full size
3. User can determine whether they want to see the pictures in order or randomly
4. The last photo shown will be saved so you pick up from there
5. Whether you like to see your photos randomly or in order should be saved.

Nice To Have:

1. Users can add or delete photos
2. User can add date, title, description, tags to photos
3. User can choose to display photos in a pinterest type flow